darkness is cool, might even add it to the main pack. just hesistant on doing it until i have everything ready.

earlygame is not going to be for everyone. although i personally enjoy it, its probably annoying for a lot of other people. also you would need to replace the copper equipment with this mod since this mod add copper armor and tools as well.

enviornmentz is just a temperature mod, like for the reason above it generally is not seen as fun for most people who aren't me. so im probably not going to add it.

spiceoffabric is a spice of life mod, it's very good if you're planning on forcing people to look for other options when it comes to their diet. aka if your tired of people eating their 64 stacks of steak, and want them to embrace the cooking mod, use this.

flesh2leather was remade into a mod that literally provides an alternative way for obtaining rabbit hide, which you're going to go after during the process of upgrading your backpack. if you're coping with rabbits, use this...

dusk makes the nights a bit harder over time. it probably could be put into the main pack but seeing that crimson moon exists there's little point to this other than just making the pain more painful.

second chance makes it so your companions don't get one-shot. everything is already configured so you still can get oneshot, just not your pets. if you really love your pets and dont want them to die so fast while they're accompanying you, use this.

dehydration is a thirst mod that has many weaknesses in its concept and execution for this type of modpack. it's not fun and disencourages exploring. it can be exploited and made redundant. it's just annoying. it's here in case you want a better challenge.

durability speed is a neat but frusturating mod that rewards you for keeping your tools healthy, but punishes you for not. it can be annoying and rewarding at the same time.

nbc makes netherite a tiny bit easier to make/get.

no f3 does exactly what you think. no coords from f3. this forces you to use a compass to see your coords.